Update temperature reading docs (#333)
icub-tech-iit/documentation: docs/temperature_sensors/software/dataflow.md

Generally, the data flow related to the whole pipeline of the sensing of the motor temperature is quite simple and a brief summary is proposed here below, whose main purpose is to make the reader aware of how the temperature data is retrieved from the motor resistance thermometer and printed out to a YARP port. 

> In a nutshell, as introduced in the [introductory section](../general/overview.md#temperature-sensors), most of the `ergoCub` motors are currently provided with a `PT100`, which is a particular resistor able to correlate a value of temperature to a value of resistance in `Ohm`. The resistor is connected to a board called **Temperature Detection Board (TDB)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In brief, as reported in the [introductory section](../general/overview.md#temperature-sensors), most of the `ergoCub` motors are currently provided with a `PT100`, which is a particular resistor able to correlate a value of temperature to a value of resistance in `Ohm`. The resistor is connected to a board called **Temperature Detection Board (TDB)**.
```

> The TBD receives the `Ohm` value from the `PT100` (or `PT1000` for different types of motors) and streams out with the raw data using the `I2C` protocol. This raw data is then read by the `2FOC` board with a frequency of 10Hz. Then, as soon as the raw temperatures are read, they are sent over `CAN` bus to the `EMS` board (therefore the sending is done every `100ms` ). The `EMS` stores the received data in memory and sends to `embObjMotionControl` together with all the other motor information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TBD reads the `Ohm` value from the `PT100` (or `PT1000` for different types of motors) and streams out the raw data using the `I2C` protocol. This raw data is then received by the `2FOC` board at a frequency of `10 Hz` and, immediately after, handed over to the `EMS` board via the `CAN` bus. The `EMS` stores the temperature values in memory and sends them to `embObjMotionControl` together with all the other motor information.
```

    <img  src="../img/MotorTemperature-Feature.png" width="700">
</p>

### Error handling

> Mainly the error management is performed by the `2FOC`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error management is mainly performed by the `2FOC`.
```

> It performs some checks while reading the temperature from the `I2C` and specific negative values (defined in the code) are set to notify the user. The TDB sends 3 bytes on the I2C bus: the temperature value (2 bytes) and its configuration (1 byte). The `2FOC` performs the check mainly on the configuration byte.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `2FOC` performs some checks while reading the temperature from the `I2C` and makes use of specific negative values (defined in the code) to notify the user of certain events.

The TDB board sends 3 bytes on the `I2C` bus: the temperature value (2 bytes) and its configuration (1 byte). The `2FOC` verifies mainly the configuration byte.
```

The possible errors currently managed are the following:

> - `-90` : the `2FOC` cannot read from the `I2C`, meaning that the `ACK` is not received from the `TDB`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-90` : the `2FOC` cannot read from the `I2C`, meaning that the `ACK` is not received from the `TDB`.
```

> - `-70` :  the reading cannot be done for 10 consecutive seconds. An overheating fault is triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-70` : the reading cannot be done for 10 consecutive seconds. An overheating fault is triggered.
```
